there's a show I'm feeling kind of
nostalgic for right now and I'd like to
talk to you guys about it it's a family
matters does anyone remember that show
if you're my age you remember it if
you're younger you probably have no idea
the fuck I'm talking about but used to
we actually had a tgif on ABC and had a
whole bunch of cool shows you know
comedy shows that you know people in the
teenage and family shows and family
matters is one of them followed by step
by step and then it went all all kinds
of other bullshit shows with family
matters now I want to be like the
nostalgia critic here and actually have
I clips of the show that I married the
show that I comment on the cliffs or
whatever I'm not gonna fucking do that I
really just don't give a shit I'm not
even like dressed up I don't even have
my hat on or anything that's how little
of a shit I give about it so anyway the
show goes when the show first art is
like a seriously there's a sitcom one of
those sitcoms I had like those dramatic
moments like some like their kids get
drunk or something oh my god and as a
show progressed a character was
introduced called Steve Urkel I'm sure a
lot of you guys are familiar with him is
like johnny cheese did I do that I'm
wearing you down baby but anyway he's
just a really really nerdy character is
this supposed to be a one-time gig but
it is careful caught off because he's
the only thing that was funny with the
show that's the show sucked in my
opinion is all about their family
whatever but then it quickly became the
Steve Urkel show that's the only thing
people wanted to see was that was him on
that show and he was super nerdy like I
said super intelligent and he started
inventing things like with little things
here and there and the things would you
go wacky or whatever but it's still like
crazy shit that he invented and it
became as a series progressed it became
so insane as she wondered why does
anyone give a fuck about what else is
going on this family's life like Carl
Winslow the dad like he's like staying
up all night like my son Eddie he's
getting drunk out there like the son
comes home drunk like Eddie where have
you been oh I like he just like blows
I'm like motherfucker that your neighbor
has a goddamn time machine it is a
teleporter he has a he has a clone in a
robot in a trance a transmutation
fucking chamber
and he has a jetpack that he used to win
the rope climbing contest at his gym at
school and you have the audacity to
worry about this asshole who looks like
he's in his thirties cut the umbilical
cord and Carl me about this asshole
getting drunk what the fuck this your
neighbor could cure fucking cancer
there's some epic shit going on next
door dude what the fuck is wrong with
you and as in the show like it became so
abstracted insane like he had a clone
and the clone transformed to a cool guy
and there's this girl problems like all
this other bullshit and he like I don't
give a fuck he has a time machine that
could transport him to anywhere and
anytime anywhere like they're on pirate
ships and stuff and what episode there
they went back in time on to a pirate
ship well where do you help you follow
that shit with the bullshit going on in
your life jackasses you know then the
show like i said lower got lower ratings
and sabrina the teenage witch came
around and they know she could see what
that is already in the plot that she
could do spells and shit and then so it
moved to CBS and then it died to me i
stopped to watch i didn't follow it when
with the CBS and then the mother Harriet
she just like she's like she didn't like
the fact that show is all about steve
urkel anymore so she pitched a bitch and
they're like well fuck you and they
fired and they brought on some strange
whore it's a replacer they'd even
acknowledge that he thinks different and
so then the show it shows us dead to me
now but i still like it and i still
enjoy it and you guys should check it
out or you know whatever i don't care